.. figure:: https://mtas.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/logoMTAS.png
   :alt: Momentum AS Logo

   alt text

pyMomentum
==========

This repository contains python libraries developed and used by Momentum
AS. You can find detailed information below. Please feel free to
contribute or ask. More libraries and documentation will be here soon.

--------------

Available Libraries
-------------------

-  **sms** is a library for sending text messages using provider API's.
-  **Providers** currently available are:

   -  Sanal Santral API V1.0.0

## Details about Libraries
--------------------------

sms
~~~

You should create a provider with its parameters and then you can simply
use **sms.SMS()**

If you are located in Turkey and sending advertorial texts to end users,
you should provide a opt-out option. Please learn your local regulations
about sending short messages.

Only provider in the library is **Sanal Santral** at the moment. Here is
an example usage:

.. code:: python

    from pyMomentum.sms import sms
    from pyMomentum.sms.providers.sanalsantral import SanalSantralSMSProvider

    # create a provider object, username is your username and password is API key. smsHeader should be one of your registered headers (alphanumerical from information of SMS)
    provider = SanalSantralSMSProvider(username="test", password="test", smsHeader="test")
    # create an sms object with the provider above
    mysms = sms.SMS(provider)
    # send an sms
    sms_id = mysms.send(smsNumber="123456789", smsText="Message Text")

    #>>> sms_id
    #{'message_id': 77300600}

    # sms_id is numerical value that you can track your send report
    # you can store this id in a database so you can reach send report later

    mysms.status(message_id=sms_id['message_id'])

    # this will return a list like:
    # {'result_detail': 'Pending', 'results': [{'status_detail': 'Send report operation started', 'status': '25', 'number': '90500000000'}], 'result_code': '5'}
    # you should expect a pending status a bit later
    # {'results': [{'status_detail': 'Send report operation started', 'number': '90500000000', 'status': '25'}], 'result_detail': 'Pending', 'result_code': '5'}
    # and you should expect success message as soon as your message received
    # {'result_code': '9', 'results': [{'status_detail': 'Send report operation completed', 'status': '23', 'number': '90500000000'}], 'result_detail': 'Success'}

--------------

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Momentum Teknoloji Anonim Sirketi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
